Hashicorp fix (#23913)
demisto/content: Packs/HashiCorp-Vault/ReleaseNotes/1_1_1.md

#### Integrations
##### HashiCorp Vault

> - Fixed an issue with the path for list roles.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Fixed the API  endpoint used for *AWS* engine types.
```
